README.md, before:

# Write Better

Write Better is a Golang application which takes in plaintext or an uploaded
file and returns a score with a report on how well the piece of text reads.
The lower the score the better the writing.

**NOTE:** This is in current active development.

## Working with this project

I've included a Dockerfile to get things started that way. Once you have
Docker on your machine (not going to explain this here) then you can clone
this repo down and build it with:

    $ docker build -t write-better .

Once it's written, you can run the application with:

    $ docker run -p 8000:8080 --name wb --rm write-better

The app will be available at `127.0.0.1:8000`. When you're all done with
things, you can run:

    $ docker stop wb

This will stop the daemon and remove the container.

## Todo

- [X] Implement processors
- [X] Setup HTTP router to serve an application
- [X] Build handlers for templates, uploads, results
- [ ] Write tests
- [ ] Update processors response to give JS ability to highlight index matches
- [ ] Implement websockets for nice experience

Commit message:

Refactored some code making getting a cookie easier. As well, built out the resultHandler to the point where I have all the information I need in the DOM. I have a naive implementation of highlighting matches in the text on the result page but this will not do as it does not satisfy text with many matches.
For instance, if a text has two matches in it, the current highlighting will highlight the first match but the second will overwrite that. Things I'm trying to do:

- I may need to diff the strings recursively building an HTML output of the resulting text. It's complicated but would be cool.
- I may be able to find a library that does this but it's tough because it really need to handle indices and not regex patterns.

Either way, I think I'm done with the Go code for the most part and onto styling and interactions.

README.md, after:

# Write Better

Write Better is a Golang application which takes in plaintext or an uploaded
file and returns a score with a report on how well the piece of text reads.
The lower the score the better the writing.

**NOTE:** This is in current active development.

## Working with this project

I've included a Dockerfile to get things started that way. Once you have
Docker on your machine (not going to explain this here) then you can clone
this repo down and build it with:

    $ docker build -t write-better .

Once it's written, you can run the application with:

    $ docker run -p 8000:8080 --name wb --rm write-better

The app will be available at `127.0.0.1:8000`. When you're all done with
things, you can run:

    $ docker stop wb

This will stop the daemon and remove the container.

## Todo

- [X] Implement processors
- [X] Setup HTTP router to serve an application
- [X] Build handlers for templates, uploads, results
- [X] Update processors response to give JS ability to highlight index matches
- [ ] Build frontend text parser to highlight matches
- [ ] Add popovers in frontend for messages with colors matching processor types
- [ ] Finalize a website design
- [ ] Write tests
